New TCP fallback example (#3911)
icerpc/icerpc-csharp: examples/slice/README.md

| [Retry](./Retry/)                          | Shows how to use the retry interceptor to retry failed requests.                                                                    |
| [Secure](./Secure/)                        | Shows how to secure TCP connections with TLS.                                                                                       |
| [Stream](./Stream/)                        | Shows how to stream data from a client to a server.                                                                                 |

> | [TcpFallback](./TcpFallback/)              | Shows how to create client and server applications that communicate over QUIC when possible and fall back to TCP.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [TcpFallback](./TcpFallback/)              | Shows how to create client and server applications that communicate over QUIC when possible and fallback to TCP.                   |
```

> | [TcpFallback](./TcpFallback/)              | Shows how to create client and server applications that communicate over QUIC when possible and fall back to TCP.                   |

Reviewer 2: At the risk of being _that_ guy: "fall back" is the action of falling back, "fallback" is a noun.
You "fall back" to your "fallback".

```suggestion
| [TcpFallback](./TcpFallback/)              | Shows how to create client and server applications that communicate over QUIC when possible but can fall back to TCP.                   |
```
